OOPs:
Object oriented programming language
Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) is a programming , that focuses on designing and organizing code based on the concept of "objects." 
1.flexibility
2.maintain 
3.reuse
Class-blue print methods data variable
object-instance of class

---->Inheritance
---->Polymorphism
---->Abstraction
---->Encapsulation

Inheritance:
------------
inherit the property (variable/method) from one class to another
1.Reusability of code
2.memory management
keyword-extends
Base/super/parent class
derived/subclass/child class

types:
single inheritance
Multilevel inheritance
Multiple inheritance-Not support in java class but we can achieve by interface


Polymorphism:
--------------
Poly -many      morphism-forms
mobile-call
      -TextMsg
	  -video
Type:
Overloading-static polymorphism/compile-time polymorphism
same method name/different arg /diff data type
frame(int index)
frame(String id/name)
frame(Webelement)

java
-----
substring(start index)
substring(start,stop index)

Dynamic polymorphism/Run-time polymorphism
overriding-same method name,same arg,same data type but different class
green  white triangle 

Abstraction:
------------
Abstraction is the process of hiding the implementation details of a class or object
and exposing only the essential features or behavior to the outside world. 
achieve abstraction through abstract classes and interfaces:

Abstract Class: An abstract class is a class that cannot be instantiated and is typically used as a base class for other classes. 
It may contain both abstract and concrete (implemented) methods.
An abstract method is a method without any implementation, declared using the abstract keyword.

Interface: An interface is a collection of abstract methods that define a 
contract for classes implementing the interface. 
It provides a way to achieve multiple inheritance in Java. 
Interfaces are declared using the interface keyword, and all methods in an interface are implicitly abstract and public.

static keyword:

The static keyword can be used as a 
static variable, static method, static block, and static class. 

1.static keyword with variable it is called static variable

Syntax to declare the static variables:

static dataType variableName = value;

2. Static method in Java

You can declare a static method by using of static keyword.
1. Static methods are belonging to a class.
2. You can access a static method by using the class name. You do not have the need to create an object.
3. A static method can access only static variables. If you write any non-static variable in a static method,
then it will throw an exception at compilation time.
syntax:
access_modifier static return_Type method_Name()
{
    // body of method
}
